Update EA note with before and after triggered IAM behavior (#8025)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/private_betas/canvas_triggered_iams.md

## Triggered in-app messages

{% alert important %}

> Trigger actions for in-app messages are currently in early access. Contact your account manager if you're interested in participating in this early access.<br>Previously, there was no option to select a trigger, meaning in-app messages were always triggered on session start. Now, all in-app messages created will include the session start trigger.

Author: ```suggestion
Trigger actions for in-app messages are currently in early access. Contact your account manager if you're interested in participating in this early access.<br><br>Previously, there was no option to select a trigger, meaning in-app messages were always triggered on session start. Now, there's an option to select a trigger, meaning in-app messages can be triggered on session start, or by custom events and purchases. In-app messages created before this feature will have the session start as the trigger.
```

> Trigger actions for in-app messages are currently in early access. Contact your account manager if you're interested in participating in this early access.<br><br>Previously, there was no option to select a trigger, meaning in-app messages were always triggered on session start. Now, there's an option to select a trigger, meaning in-app messages can be triggered on session start, or by custom events and purchases. In-app messages created before this feature will have the session start as the trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trigger actions for in-app messages are currently in early access. Contact your account manager if you're interested in participating in this early access.<br><br>Previously, there was no option to select a trigger, meaning in-app messages were always triggered on session start. Now, there's an option to select a trigger, meaning in-app messages can be triggered on session start, or by custom events and purchases. In-app messages created before this feature will have the session start as the trigger.
```
"In-app messages created before this feature"... Seems like there's a missing word/phrase here.
